---
title: "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date: 2020-11-15T20:22:30-06:00
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - Jekyll
  - update
---
# Starting a new Chapter
Many years ago I started to write my own blog, but was more wrapped up in creating my own blog software than actually producing meaningful
content. I did get a basic system in place powered by __cold shudder__ PHP of all things. I mainly chose PHP to brush up my skills in a 
language I hadn't played with much before. Well, glad that's over. I looked at Wordpress next, but seemed like a pay-a-bunch for anything
beyond a 1996 looking HTML page. That didn't sit well since I had all the skills to produce a nice site built from HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
Round-and-round this thought process went as the years ticked by with other priorities like my actual job, family, and other fun things took precedence.

Well recently, I found some easy software [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) that builds a nice static site using git as a back-end. Some more icing on the
cake -- many beautiful themes exist out of the box. I went minimalist to start (pardon the pun) with [Minimal Mistakes](https://mmistakes.github.io/). 
Simple and clean -- not to shabby. I wanted to put something together really quickly to avoid the __building of the blog__ syndrome mentioned above. 

And so the new chapter begins. I hope I can share some of the things I've learned along my considerable software journey, adding some knowledge to
your piggy bank, and not bore you to tears.

Off we go...